docs: document pattern match filter (#12455)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/_index.md

sum without(app) (count_over_time({app="foo"}[1m])) > bool sum without(app) (count_over_time({app="bar"}[1m]))
```

### Pattern match filter operators

- `|>` (line match pattern)
- `!>` (line match not pattern)

Pattern Filter not only enhances efficiency but also simplifies the process of writing LogQL queries. By eliminating the need for complex regex patterns, users can create queries using a more intuitive syntax, reducing the cognitive load and potential for errors.

> Within the pattern syntax the `<_>` serves as a wildcard, representing any arbitrary text. This allows the query to match log line where the specified pattern occurs, such as log lines containing static content, with variable content in between.

Author: ```suggestion
Within the pattern syntax the `<_>` serves as a wildcard, representing any arbitrary text. This allows the query to match log lines where the specified pattern occurs, such as log lines containing static content, with variable content in between.
```

Line match pattern example:

```logql
{service_name=`distributor`} |> `<_> caller=http.go:194 level=debug <_> msg="POST /push.v1.PusherService/Push <_>`
```

Line match not pattern example:

```logql
{service_name=`distributor`} !> `<_> caller=http.go:194 level=debug <_> msg="POST /push.v1.PusherService/Push <_>`
```

> For example, the pattern above will respectively matches and not matches the following log line from the `distributor` service:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, the example queries above will respectively match and not match the following log line from the `distributor` service:
```
